My laboratory make us four, two with the kernel in and two with the kernel up.
For the same reason, San Erdo is just to have extra copies available, I assume I have for no other reason that I know.
But was there some uncertainty in your mind at that time, and was there the subcommittee wanted the group of three or the group of two,
or I was wondering why you asked him to make two of each. There was no uncertainty at all in my mind.
I was under instructions to get the picture of the two individuals in it, and no one had given me instructions to make any number of copies.
So much now for getting the picture. Do you also assume the responsibility for yourself of determining which of the four pictures which have come back to you as in large photo sets,
or subsequently delivered to Council Jenkins in the newspaper. I do, sir. Did you do that on your own or after consultation with other members of the staff as to which of the four should be delivered?
I did that on my mind. I was at the one last parameter, sir. And active your own responsible. Yes, sir.
With any intention to deceive or under the impression that that was the significant part of the picture, without any malicious intention whatsoever, senator.
Was there any intention to deceive, but, however, was a malicious or an anonymous staff, something to tell?
Do you also take the full responsibility for withholding from Council, Mr. Jenkins, in acknowledge your information, that this picture, Mr. Shine and Secretary Stephen's was taken from a group picture?
I do, sir, in a moment. Then the Council at the time he presented the picture that is now exhibit number one.
Mr. Shine and Secretary Stephen had no knowledge that it came from a group picture, did he?
I, to my knowledge, he did not. You did not equate him with that fact. No, sir. You take the responsibility now for failing to inform him so that he might have been guided according to you.
Do you have an idea, yes, sir? So, Senator Jackson, all in one question, Mr. Juliana. Why did you deliver two things to a different photograph?
Why did you deliver a blow-up of the key to one of the photographs, one containing three characters, one containing two?
The only reason I did not, Senator, was because in discussing this picture with Mr. Colm and Mr. Jenkins at the original meeting, there was never any mention of another party.
And I have always, I was under the continual instruction to punish a picture of Secretary Stephen's and then private Shine.
No more questions.
No, no questions. Senator Jackson, no questions. Senator Putter, I have no questions.
Senator Vannington? Senator Durkins, I have no questions.
Mr. Juliana, you have just told us that you were a continuous instruction to find a picture of Stephen's and Shine.
Is that right, sir? That's right, yes, sir. For how long have you been over those continuous instructions?
I believe the first meeting was one night last week, whether it was Tuesday or Wednesday, I don't know.
And again, when I told Mr. Colm in the corpus room here that the picture had arrived, yes, sir.
There are the only times I believe that I've got any instructions concerning the picture.
So, then over a period of a week or more, you will under what you will call continuous instruction to produce a picture of Secretary Stephen's and Shine.
No, Mr. Wilson was over a period of two or three days or three days, and like a great hired man in the end, you produce, didn't you?
Yes, sir. Now in answer to some questions, strike that out.
You will ask some questions by Senator McConnor, about the big picture which is the given two.
Do you not wish to suggest to this committee or to the country that a man named Welsh, perhaps exhibit two do you, no, sir?
You don't pour any more, but think it's possible that Welsh credit exhibit two do you, or it's possible that you don't believe that the author.
Thank you for that.
Mr. Cullinanna, isn't that the central truth that no war of the original Shine that you was needed in the first instance?
I don't borrow the question, but I'll let you put it to you this way. We've been able to get a lot of our ride in the cork room with the various things that were brought down from New York.
Seven questions.
Yes? Well, I think I think the, I just assume that the only reason was thrown up was that it would be exhibited easier.
Easier?
Well, then the only thing to do was to bring in the oldest step of the original picture with three people in the cast.
Isn't that right?
I think that's right. You were asked for something different from the things that Hong Kong Shine's wall.
I never knew what Hong Kong Shine's wall was.
You did so what Hong Kong Shine's wall was never handed to you, sir.
I did not know what Hong Kong Shine's wall is.
Did you think this came from a picture?
Where did you think this picture that I hold with my hand was from?
It was a picture of three came from.
I had no idea where it came from.
This is the last picture in the present picture.
You can get it from my front, from my front.
Go to the entrance.
Turn off the light and just put your hands on it and just put your hands on it.
I think this picture was a little...
What did you think this came from?
The camera goes to my front.
If I am, I think you might do this first round.
Yes, I can say, I can say, Mr. Stadler, that a picture is a close relative of a fairy.
Now I foresee, sir, if I am like you.
I think you might do a 30-minute picture.
Now it's all empty.
That's the duty, Anna.
My question to you now is, when we come right down to this office room,
we can do very well with the exhibit three which I hold in my hand, Kathleen.
I think it was the fight, but I also think that even your blown up pictures
is much larger and is still much nicer than the handle,
and with the better for the television cameras and for the audience.
Well, Mr. Stadler, when you do be the courtesy,
I remembering that I have by produced what I thought was the original picture
to be effective, needed to produce it on the scale of exhibit one,
which I now hold in my hand.
You follow me, sir?
No, I don't understand.
Well, perhaps it's a little of a cure.
It might be.
Now another thing.
You just told Senator Munn that you had no malicious intent when you had it in these.
What I can now call the smaller picture is that, right?
That is correct, sir.
Are you intensely sorry that you did it?
Do the fact that it is...
I don't care, do the fact that it has wasted so much time, I am sorry.
Only, sir?
Yes, sir.
Your conscience then doesn't bother you to this moment.
Is that right?
I did nothing wrong in my conscience and they do not bother.
Don't you think a term, typically, on the fortunate situation was created
when Mr. Steven sat in this chair and was confronted with your doctor's picture?
I respect the secretary of the Army as I do any other cabinet member of this country.
And I wouldn't want to do anything so harm him.
Thank you, sir.
Were you in this room when he was cross-examined by Mr. Jenkins in respect to that picture?
I believe I was part of the time, I believe I was.
Did you hear the question asked him as to whether or not...
I have returned out of page 434 of the record, where Mr. Jenkins said to him,
well, I did not say demand, but what was your picture after David Shine was drafted,
ever taken with you alone at your suggestion anywhere?
Were you in the room when that question was asked, the secretary of the Navy as the Army of the Fats by my side?
I cannot testify that I was in the room at that time, I may have been.
And did you fail to catch that word alone?
I did, yes, the failed to test the word alone.
Now I turned to Mr. Cohn's testimony.
And I observed that on page 633 he testifies, and as a matter of fact,
I did not even catch the word alone, put in there by Mr. Jenkins.
It's unfortunate that neither of you two men who held the key to this puzzle heard that word alone, isn't it?
If you so, term it unfortunate, it might fail.
I don't term it unfortunate.
You don't care?
I sure do care.
Well, then it was unfortunate that the two men who held the key to this small part,
as I claim it was, failed to hear that word alone.
The youth claim I was involved in a fraud, Mr. Welch,
I claim that there was at least a small fraud or L-fade terrible unfortunate for state.
I resent the implication and I have testified that I took the responsibility.
All right. Now as to the hearing of the word alone,
have you observed that Mr. Cohn is perhaps slightly hard of hearing as he is slightly near-sighted?
Hello, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Chairman, if I am right,
the answer to the question of our number alone must be set up for this session.
If you also have come to find the little information good,
if he's looking for a last-minute audience to come talk about any physical defects of my chief counsel,
it's so indecency, so dishonest.
I'm not talking about any physical defects,
but also well-spinning, I do not understand this.
Let's just tell him to be issues with your wealth.
Each Minister, Mr. Chairman, may I point out these minutes we've wasted years.
It's wasting a vast amount of manpower, very important manpower,
I think the manpower of age centers, and they have a very serious deficit.
We cannot only say that I, as Councilmember Cohn,
that is the point of order I would like to remind you,
that each one of the committee will amend the audience
that the chairman of the conventional committee does not have the authority
to the judge has in court.
All he can do is to enforce the rules that the committee has.
The rules provide that counsel for each side may have ten minutes in which to interrogate the witness,
and as long as the questions are relevant,
and the chair you, regardless of whether they're repetitious enough to chair
just enough for you, he has the power to stop counsel or to interrogate some hasten questions.
Mr. Chairman, we ask your questions, the spring permission.
And the chair, I think the chair may be completely correctly,
so that's power, but what do you do, and when the rules are,
you get ten minutes to ask questions,
if Council uses the ten minutes to clown and keep his arm with the simply spam.
I would like to hear from you, that the chair, since we have the power to tell the counsel at any time has been spiked,
we have repeated on the basis that these questions are to be asked by Council and by Senator.
And the chair has no power over either Senator to counsel,
I can tell them that questions they can and cannot ask,
as long as they are here to be relevant or mature.
And if the chair, Mr. Chairman, I am confident that Mr. Jenkins knows the difference between questioning and clowning.
And if Mr. Jenkins appears to be clowning, I wish him to get upon the, as he freely may and should.
Is my ten minutes up, I observed, by my clock it is.
Do you have a minute left?
Is your hearing good?
Excellent.
Had you heard that word alone in Mr. Jenkins' questions,
would you have spoken to the Defense of Secretary Steven?
You were asking the hypothetical, which I am indeed.
If you and I have, yes sir, you will ever, and quick to spring to his defense, wouldn't you possibly?
From which it follows that you know an injustice was done, don't you?
No, I was not.
Well, were you going to spring to his defense in case were no injustice was done?
I didn't get that, Mr. Well.
Were you going to spring to his defense under circumstances where no injustice was being done?
I still don't follow that, maybe the governor's question is too.
My question is first and too far.
If you had heard the word alone in Mr. Jenkins' question,
would you have said you would have been quick to spring to Secretary Steven's defense in the law?
I did not say that, sir.
What did I may have?
I may have.
You would have liked to, wouldn't you?
And if you were going to spring to his defense, it would have been because you thought a very unfortunate situation was created by what you did to that picture, possibly so.
The time has expired, Senator McCarthy.
Mr. Well, I would normally have some trouble with that, but I've been waiting here patiently all day to get Secretary Steven's back on the stand, so I thought we were going to trouble him at this time.
Turn to the clock to return to Mr. Jenkins' house.
I have no further questions.
Mr. Well, I have no further questions.
Chair has none.
I have no further questions.
Send directions.
No questions.
Just one question.
Mr. Serene, normally do the full of studying for the committee for making arrangements.
I don't think so, Mr. Serene.
How did it happen that Mr. Serene was called upon to throw a panel of food in it?
I thought that, then, with his experience here on the hill, which is a lot longer than mine.
Why do you mean the Serene?
He keeps working in the building here a lot longer than I could.
The panel I'm telling the full of studying.
What's the expert like the full of studying as well as anyone on the staff?
That was the reason why you turned it over to him.
Yes, sir.
The full of studies.
That's right.
Just the mechanical life that's taking it down and the carrying out your instructions.
Yes, sir.
Nothing else.
So, Senator Potter?
Senator Simonton?
I have no further questions.
Any further comments?
Mr. Chairman, the council's turn ahead.
You've got to go out and help with the amendment.
Yes, sir.
Well, did you turn to Mr. Serene for assistance on the picture because you can fit it in,
particularly, a desk in dealing with pictures?
No, sir.
No, one thing further only.
After the Army statement of events was published,
was some sort of a loyalty flag circulated in your office?
Mr. Chairman, I can tell you I have to do well.
Mr. President?
I do not consider that your main to the particular point of inquiry.
Unless Mr. Well, you could show that it does reflect on the inquiry relating to the
pictures.
I must advise the committee that it is not a property.
There is, Mr. Jenkins, to you and me, the familiar ground of credibility of a weapon.
Credibility of a weapon?
Right.
Is the question directed to the credibility of that smile that I thought there was.
It's very simple.
I was like, will you repeat the question, Mr. Welles?
At about the time, the Army...
I remember the question, Mr. Welles.
Is the question whether or not this witness circulated...
Or signs...
Mr. Welles, I failed to see where that would reflect on the credibility of the witness frankly.
But I ask Mr. Jenkins that you find out if there was such an alarm you could see it sometimes.
I will explore that.
Thank you, sir.
I think that's all from the Army.
Mr. MacArthur?
Uh, Jim...
Mr. Jackson brought down serene, may I have a draw some of it?
Uh, as it's correct that the only function down here was to follow your instructions.
Uh, and act as a messenger.
You told him to connect to the property to move down a better place.
Uh, the duty of him to take the picture down.
So, the enlargement of the unhappicture made to also have an enlargement of the portion of the picture...
In which included only Secretary Steven and Sean.
Yes, sir. I might as well just don't follow mine's instructions implicitly.
And serene had nothing whatsoever to do with making any decisions about what type of an enlargement therapy.
He did not search my knowledge.
In other words, uh, Sergeant Arthur, he was merely a messenger boy for you carrying the specter to the enlargement room and bringing him back to you.
I don't like to be very clean as a messenger, but actually that's what he wants.
I know he is not a messenger, it's a messenger, but I mean, in this particular incident.
Yes, sir, that's correct.
And he did not suspect the views in any shape or form.
Which picture should be submitted to Mr. Jenkins?
He didn't know which one to do with Mr. Jenkins.
He did not say you're correct.
Thank you.
Any further questions?
Nothing further.
Any of these senators at my left?
Any further questions?
I must have said my circumstances are not wrong to delay this, but in view of the fact that some questions are the vastest of our thoughts during the large picture before you are, I think it's significant number three.
Do you mean to imply that it has been doctored in any way?
No, I do not mean to imply that.
I just occurred to me that that picture there may, I do not know, represent the film in its entirety.
Do you know whether it does or not?
Thank you.
7.12 May I speak for your information?
Why are we on the subject of these photographs?
And I do hope that this in the interest of extra-dating this matter, we have about the extort that subject.
The original of these Stevens Adams exhibit will be introduced as a Saturday man presently.
To clarify any question about whether or not any alteration was made of it, I think that will certainly complete the exploration directive at these photographs.
As it turns into my right, I have any further questions?
Any to my left?
That's the right, I have any further questions?
ABC radio is bringing you on the scene coverage of the McCarthy Army hearings in Washington.
This is ABC radio network.
You are tuned to the Voice of New York City, WNYC.
Twenty-five.
Spring Holdings
The Mobile
Friends of the Army,
Commander,
General Report Lilし,
inder,
stock Nelson,
1941,
CEC,
Punch sides,
Street hurts,
You listed in the question, sir.
I heard your question.
Your instruction came in March from the recall.
You are right, and you rule hold this.
Yes, sir.
Madam President,
no question.
In that affection, the chair is ready to dismiss the security out.
And we'll ask Associate Council Mr. Mayor,
as the call that I put,
the mayor will take over.
General Intelligence,
the next witness will be Mr. Don Serene.
Mr. Secretary,
Mr. General General.
I'd like to ask your question,
we, uh,
maybe it's in the ground rules,
but if you don't see back on,
in regard to the photographs,
I'm talking about for,
for a day,
I'll do the fact that you develop,
I can single a reason to keep Mr. Stevens off the plane,
further than anyone's mind about me.
pulling water.
The Brish敢 day shines gold.
these included that they shine just asизins and...
some curl standing to the fans.
There will be another picture with eight forceman swing on us.
That was the junior game with your generals.
They picture only a shine and a feeling.
That was the Jenkins as well.
An knowledge of a third man having been on it or a fourth man having been on it.
At this time, Mr. Chairman, I asked if we were found to the usual order
and I called the chair to send some to the...
the room number two, Doctor.
And I just provide that once their witness is on the stand,
British Council have unlimited time to question him and then you all run up to the side to sign.
Ten months and a half over until that witness to testimony has been configured.
As the chair knows, I came back here from up in Arizona
and I was doctoring a virus infection with stroke.
But I, a day with the committee, we agreed on these rules.
As the chair knows, he called me the following day and read the rules to me.
As the chair knows, I said that if we were firmly agreed that these ground rules would be followed,
that I would temporarily set off the committee and appoint someone to take my place.
I can see the rules on Mr. Chairman's point of point.
As the first time in 30 minutes period,
100 different ways of making the earliest statement to the effect that he has appointed
someone to take these place on this second committee,
is that correct or an incorrect statement, Mr. Chairman?
Could I go to the chair?
I'll say it.
Could I finish my sentence on Mr. Chairman?
No, I'll start with that.
I'll finish that.
I'll turn to you.
Could I finish my sentence on another option?
You have an interrupt, and the question is,
perhaps the chair you would like to answer in the future,
in First Minister.
As the chair we called, the manor and the wicks and the boyguards that came to remember this,
committee was informed that he was to proceed to the election,
people will become stronger at this point.
The difference being, in your case, was a temporary selection.
You were nominated by the Senric Eurofund with council,
and you were concerned by the Fourth Committee,
and the committee members of the Senric committee in that way.
Yes.
Give me a minute.
And you were asked to say this, so there's no...
I might have made it.
All but you have done.
All but you're there, good to go.
May I say I have to assume this understanding of the part of the Senate of the Fourth
Act, there was a question of otherwise,
that the point here, nominated so much to me,
some of the Fourth Act, some of the Fourth Butler,
some of the Fourth Butler,
was not feeling well that day.
I now wish he had been feeling well.
I...
Because of the temporary disavailment of some of their Butler,
and for that reason alone,
I nominated the Senric to Worshirt.
Mr. Chairman, may I finish now?
Please.
Does the terrible return...
You're getting a bite of bite, actually.
Yes, sir.
I think a very important point of work.
I'm trying to withdraw that.
I'm a chair called, me.
The chair, either personally or in Secretary,
I don't call, which are relevant to me.
The rules, proposed.
As I turn around, I just say this to the chair in Secretary Warn,
asking the chair to call me in the Fourth Committee,
so that these rooms might be adopted,
so that the nomination move,
the Senate of the Worshirt might be confirmed.
There's a chair, a long recall,
even though neither one of us are monitoring that kind of recession,
there's a chair, as I'll recall.
If there is a stretch,
the state and respect that I was stepping off,
the certainly fully,
because I had green food with the ground rules,
and if there were any changing in the ground rules during the proceeding,
the violence just upon,
resuming my clothes upon the self-commit.
Now, the chair and all that happened to be chairman of the...
The court were already also...
I'm not certainly right to such.
I'm really certainly right,
but we are greater fun.
I...
is the chair
in this upon allowing the citizens
to work on an investment for citizens
as they need to rest.
But also, when I was raised,
messing with your own way,
putting the testimony,
she's all under the judge,
and nothing paddling through the picture.
I will...
Mr. Chairman,
do everything I can
to resume my position
on the self-commit date
which I retired,
which I retired
with the understanding of these ground rules before.
Mr. Chairman, the only statement.
That's the thing.
Mr. McCrady, we have reached a decision with reference to Mr. Saringin,
and it will outdeep the necessity of any further discussion
about it. I'm sure.
Chairman.
Mr. McCrady, I'd like to be your answer to this statement.
I do know that we will send a demo of the court
with respect to his interpretation of the rules or not.
I am just about as anxious as he is.
And get on with this hearing,
and you get the secretary back on the stand.
If Mr. Jenkins are those who think that Mr. Saringin is a witness
that should be heard in this controversy,
and whether he assures
that the chair and Mr. Jenkins that he later be called.